About_Me

Hi. No one ever knows what people are really expecting when they say something like "Tell me about yourself." I mean what do you really say to that? I could tell you everything, but in how much detail? I could give you such a high level summary that you would think "I've just wasted the last 30 seconds of my life and I still know nothing about this guy." But you asked for it, so here's... something.

Professionally, I've spent the last 10 years working as an Internal Auditor. I was at Blockbuster in Dallas, TX for a few years and then moved to Seattle and started working at Nordstrom. After 7 years I got so tired of hating every single morning and hoping to get trapped in an elevator (btw, when you want to get trapped in the elevator, it never happens; it only happens when you really have to go to the bathroom) I decided to make a drastic change. So I enrolled in Code Fellows and quit my job. I know there are no guarantees that I'll actually get accepted to the development accelerator, but even if I don't I'm still sure that I made the right call. A man cannot spend 1/3 of his weekday life unhappy and still be healthy.

Personally, I'm a generally quiet and introverted guy with outbursts of inexplicable extroversion. I have, I think, a very dry sense of humor and I use it frequently. Of course, that assumes that I'm in a situation where I feel comfortable or where I've had a few "social lubricants." If we're all lucky, everyone in the class will get treated to my sense of humor at some point. I enjoy mostly indoor hobbies of video games, binge watching television, and reading. If something has to be done outdoors you're better off finding someone else. I tan by the light of the television. I am also working on my first novel, although the chances of it ever getting finished are slim and the chances of it getting published are even slimmer. I've always wanted to write one, and I finally found a story I can get behind. Is it derivative? Yes. Are characters and plot points blatantly stolen from more creative people? No, but that doesn't mean they're not stolen anyway.

So those aren't even all the high points, but it's probably enough to give you a flavor of who I am. I'm looking forward to this class, and I'm planning to work my ass off (I'm also a great lover of profanity. Did I mention that?). Help me achieve a dream and start a new life.
